The powerful disagreements between the Keynesian school and the more free-market side, in the mould of Milton Friedman, are an excellent example of where two ideological groups bring different economic ideas to the table, each backed by formal economic theory, creating an interesting debate.

At the same time, I have begun in my studies of Philosophy. Reading around the area has proved to be interesting, showing me different perspectives and debates on issues which I’ve only considered alone before, ranging from the origins of morality to the extent to which we should trust our own senses and perceptions. 

I began with Blackburn's "Think" which provided a well-rounded introduction to the various basic issues of philosophy, and since then, the works of Plato have particularly captivated me, especially with his examinations through Socrates of piety, which have intrigued and challenged me as a Christian, forcing me to consider all the more the origins of "the good".

In September 2011, I began studying European Social and Political Studies at University College London. However, I did not find this course sufficiently challenging and inspiring and did not feel at home at the university, and so I moved to leave in January 2012, moving into full-time work at a technology startup in the financial industry called GoCardless. 

There I have had amazing opportunities to work with a highly experienced but small team both collaboratively and independently. My role in the business includes a wide range of responsibilities from providing support to end users to developing new solutions to improve the efficiency of the business's customer relations. Despite the great experience and skills I have gained from taking full time employment in a fast-growing company, I look forward to returning to full-time academic work fresh with newly gained skills and maturity.

Whilst working, I've ensured that I keep up with current affairs and academic reading. In my spare time, I enjoy reading political magazines and journals, attending open lectures at the LSE and reading academic materials in both politics and philosophy. 

Based upon the latest worldwide events, my academic knowledge and my opinions, I frequently write online articles analysing philosophical and political, considering and evaluating the arguments on each side and putting forward my own original ideas. 

I’m an active member of London’s technology community, releasing my work into the public domain, I take part in Labour Party activities in my local area and I regularly help out at my local church, looking after young children and studying the Bible with others.

From my experience at university, I hope to gain a wide field of knowledge on my chosen subject, preparing me academically for a future career, with a view to hopefully one day becoming a politician. 

Beyond these specific topic areas, I look forward to having the amazing opportunity to develop my skills at university, from argument analysis to academic research, and to fully integrating myself into university life and contributing to the community.
